[docs] Add a note about changing count in NodeGroup when adding nodes via CAPS (#13223)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/040-node-manager/docs/EXAMPLES.md

   EOF
   ```

>    > If you need to add a node to an existing `NodeGroup`, then in the `.spec.count` field you need to set the total number of nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > If it is necessary to add nodes to an existing node group, specify the desired number in the `.spec.count` field of the NodeGroup.   
```

Author: Согласен, поправил
